README.md, before:

# Hi there, I'm Trevor Bedson (Prorickey)! 👋

Welcome to my GitHub profile! I'm a passionate developer and student with an interest in various aspects of software development, including web development and mobile app development.

## 🚀 About Me

- 🌱 I’m currently learning new technologies and improving my skills in full-stack development.
- 💼 I’m looking to collaborate on exciting projects and contribute to open-source communities.
- 📫 How to reach me: [trevobedson@gmail.com](mailto:trevobedson@gmail.com)

## 🛠️ Technologies & Tools

- **Programming Languages:** Python, JavaScript, TypeScript, Java, Go, Kotlin
- **Web Development:** HTML, CSS, React, React Native, Expo, Node.js, Tailwindcss
- **Databases:** MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Redis
- **Tools & Platforms:** Git, Docker, Kubernetes

## 📈 GitHub Stats

![Prorickey's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats-gilt-sigma-23.vercel.app/api?username=Prorickey&show_icons=true&theme=radical)
![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats-gilt-sigma-23.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Prorickey&layout=compact&theme=radical)
<!---
## 📂 Projects

Here are some of my notable projects:

- [**Project 1**](https://github.com/Prorickey/project-1): A brief description of your project.
- [**Project 2**](https://github.com/Prorickey/project-2): A brief description of your project.
- [**Project 3**](https://github.com/Prorickey/project-3): A brief description of your project.
-->
## 📫 Connect with Me

- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/trevor-bedson/)
- Discord: prorickey
- [Personal Website](https://bedson.tech/)

Thanks for visiting my profile! Feel free to explore my repositories and get in touch if you'd like to collaborate on a project. 😊

Commit message:

Revise README with new interests and project details
Updated personal information and added notable projects.

README.md, after:

# Hi there, I'm Trevor Bedson (Prorickey)! 👋

Welcome to my GitHub profile! I'm a passionate developer and student with an interest in various aspects of software development, including web development, mobile app development, and robotics.

## 🚀 About Me

- ⚛️ I'm currently a student at the North Carolina School of Science and Mathematics.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning new technologies and improving my skills in full-stack development.
- 🌲 Outside of coding, I enjoy running, swimming, and racing.
- 📫 How to reach me: [trevor@bedson.tech](mailto:trevor@bedson.tech)

## 🛠️ Technologies & Tools

- **Programming Languages:** Python, JavaScript, TypeScript, Java, Go, Kotlin
- **Web Development:** HTML, CSS, React, React Native, Expo, Node.js, Tailwindcss
- **Databases:** MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Redis
- **Tools & Platforms:** Git, Docker, Kubernetes

## 📈 GitHub Stats

![Prorickey's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats-gilt-sigma-23.vercel.app/api?username=Prorickey&show_icons=true&theme=aura)
![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats-gilt-sigma-23.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Prorickey&layout=compact&theme=aura&hide=Jupyter%20Notebook,Makefile)

## 📂 Projects

Here are some of my notable projects and teams:

- [**NCTSA Mobile App**](https://github.com/Prorickey/northcarolinatsa): A mobile app built for the North Carolina Technology Student Association to help improve communication and scheduling at their annual state conference. Over the span of a 3-day conference, the NCTSA App served over 2k users and served over 800k requests. 
- [**RoboKnights - FTC 8569 Robotics**](https://github.com/ftc8569): The RoboKnights is the robotics team that I am currently captain of and lead programming in. In just one year, I was able to learn and explore robotics programming and help take my team to the Chicago Robotics Invitational, an international competition. I plan to lead my team to the Worlds competition this year and kickstart a legacy of success. 
- [**SMathHacks 2025 - ARES-M**](https://github.com/Prorickey/SMathHacks25): At NCSSM's annual SMathHacks hackathon, 3 of my friends and I built a small weather pod that, in theory, would be deployed on Mars to help collect weather data over large distances. This could help us better understand weather conditions before landing on Mars. We won the hackathon and hope to participate again in 2026. 

## 📫 Connect with Me

- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/trevor-bedson/)
- Discord: prorickey
- Email: [trevor@bedson.tech](trevor@bedson.tech)
- [Personal Website](https://bedson.tech/)

Thanks for visiting my profile! Feel free to explore my repositories and get in touch if you'd like to collaborate on a project. 😊
